This will be a super important module,
well obviously all modules are important but this module will be about asynchronous code and that's
a really important concept in programming in general
but of course therefore also in Javascript. Thus far, almost all the code we worked with was so-called
synchronous code and I'll come back to what that exactly is in this module.
We also sometimes already worked with asynchronous code without really recognizing it
and in this module we'll take a closer look at that. In detail, we'll find what exactly asynchronous or
async code is and how it differs from synchronous code and what that would be
and we'll have a look at how we can deal with asynchronous code with the help of callbacks, something
we learned about already and something we already did use, with the help of promises,
something we have not learned about yet which we'll dive into this module and how we can utilize another
syntax using two special keywords - async and await which we also haven't worked with yet.
So plenty of new knowledge,
let's dive right in.